Added README.md for IDP (#48736)
openshift/release: ci-operator/step-registry/idp/README.md

> # Identity Providers (IDP) Configuration for OpenShift ProwCI

Reviewer: Not sure if I'm correct, I only saw "Prow CI" spelling, not "ProwCI".

Author: Yes, you are right,  it's "Prow CI",  Let me update the that, Thanks

## Introduction

This guide outlines the procedures and scripts for configuring Identity Providers (IDP) within the OpenShift ProwCI ecosystem. Focused on automating IDP setups for Htpasswd, OpenLDAP, and FreeIPA, our goal is to streamline user authentication processes across CI/CD operations.

## Current Focus

We are automating the configuration of three primary IDP solutions:

> - **Htpasswd and OpenLDAP**: Both are fully automated, providing seamless user setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Htpasswd and OpenLDAP**: Both are fully automated, providing seamless setup of user/password pairs.
```

> - **FreeIPA**: Automation is in progress to extend our IDP support further.

Author: Updated, Thanks

## Available IDP Configurations

### Htpasswd

- **Automation Status**: Fully Automated
- **Purpose**: User setup via Htpasswd Identity.
- **Script URL**: [Htpasswd IDP Script](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/step-registry/idp/htpasswd/idp-htpasswd-ref.yaml)

### OpenLDAP

- **Automation Status**: Fully Automated

> - **Purpose**: User management via OpenLDAP Identity.

Reviewer: To clarify, except setup, seems no other management which often includes update, deletion et al.
```suggestion
- **Purpose**: User setup via OpenLDAP Identity.
```

- **Script URL**: [OpenLDAP IDP Script](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/step-registry/idp/openldap/idp-openldap-ref.yaml)

### FreeIPA

- **Automation Status**: In Progress

> - **Purpose**: User configuration through FreeIPA Identity upon completion.

Reviewer: Not sure what "upon completion" intends to mean, could you share? If possible, "upon completion" is not needed?

## Pre-requisites

Before configuring an IDP, ensure:

- A deployed OpenShift cluster.

> - No other IDP configuration is active. Scripts check the runtime environment & `$USERS` variable and idp configuration.
> - The script will not configure a second IDP if one is already configured on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `$USERS` environmental variable is not set and no other IDP configuration is set. The scripts check `$USERS` environmental variable from runtime environment and check existing IDP configuration.
```

Author: Thanks, It will give more clarity, Will update

## Features

### Runtime Environment Checks and Configuration

> Scripts prevent duplicate IDP configurations. If no IDP is found, a new IDP will be configured on the OpenShift cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify test coverage for Auth IDPs, the scripts only configures one single IDP in a single Prow job.
```

### Password Management

> Passwords are dynamically generated and added to the runtime environment.
> 
> #### Additional Feature
> 
> - **Environment Variable Export**: Generated passwords are exported as environment variables for use in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwords for test users are dynamically generated.

### Additional Features

- **Environment Variable Export**: Generated user/password pairs are added to the shared runtime environment file to be exported as `$USERS` environment variable.
```

## Integration in CI Chains

### Htpasswd Identity Configuration

> Included in the `openshift-e2e-test-qe` chain, highlighting our commitment to secure user authentication in CI processes.
> 
> - **Documentation**: [openshift-e2e-test-qe Chain](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/step-registry/openshift/e2e/test/qe/openshift-e2e-test-qe-chain.yaml)
> - **Explore More**: Additional configurations [here](https://github.com/openshift/release/tree/master/ci-operator/step-registry/openshift/e2e/test/qe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Included in the `openshift-e2e-test-qe*` chains by default, highlighting our commitment to secure user authentication in CI processes.
```

### OpenLDAP Identity Configuration

> Supported for select pipeline jobs, with plans to expand. For execution job inclusion, refer to `idp-openldap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configured for selected Prow jobs for selected CI profiles. To configure it in new a Prow job, add the `idp-openldap` step before executing the `openshift-e2e-test-qe*` chain, which will make the `idp-htpasswd` step not configure an htpasswd IDP any more.
```
